Add form_type to form events (#967)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: content/messaging/agent-chat-api/v3.4/index.mdx

| `recipients` | always     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `properties` | optionally |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `form_id`    | always     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | `form_type`  | optionally | The most popular form types include: `prechat`, `postchat`, `ask_for_email`, but those aren’t the only possible options. If you don’t see this field in a chat, it means that chat had been started before we introduced this field (see [Changelog](../../changelog/index.mdx)). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `form_type`  | optionally | The most popular form types include: `prechat`, `postchat`, `ask_for_email`, but those aren’t the only possible options. If you don’t see this field in a chat, it means that chat had been started before we introduced this field (see [Changelog](/messaging/agent-chat-api/changelog/)). |
```

Reviewer: This link format is more robust.
